---
layout: post
title: Pune Ruby Hackathon
---

To start with I said to myself, “I have tried the [Half Marathon][]! Why
not try the Hackathon too !! - 22nd July” I was not sure of taking part
in the hackathon as i had never treid RoR, there was still a week to go
and not many participants had signed up on their wiki. Even then I just
happend to put my name there in the list of participants. There was a
faint chance of me going for the hackathon if Shweta (intern at my
office) would join in as she has been trying out Ruby on Rails (RoR) for
over a month now. I asked her and she was going to leave for Hyderabad a
day before the hackathon. I had almost left the idea of joining the
hackathon as i had to work a lil harder the same week to meet project
deadlines. To cut things short I was surely going to miss the hackathon.
Later in the day (I guess Tuesday) something happened (I am not sure
wat) but I decided I would give it a try. So, here I was having no clue
of RoR but wanting to attend the hackathon a core no-frills geek meet. I
took a 15 minute tutorial (LoL) from Shweta on RoR and also got the
Agile Web Programming with Rails book (thnks to my office). I would read
the book while travelling in the bus and late at night. I could only
read it for 3 days. It was around 11am on 29th July and I typed the
first command to start a project in RoR… $ rails mars If I do not
discuss the positives from the event then I won’t do justice to the
thought behind organising such an event. To keep things short People ! -
I met quite a few interesting, friendly and like minded people around. -
[Vaibhav Domkundwar][] from Better Labs who was one of the organisers,
was really interested in the proceedings and made everyone feel
comfortable. One of the things he stressed on was taking this initiative
forward. He also discussed the future potential of the applications with
each one personally. He even discussed about his latest initiatives like
[dealplumber.com][] and how he wanted the Tech community in India to
develop and grow. - Satish Mishra again from Better Labs made sure that
everything was in place. Later after the hackathon he also shared his
views on what Better Labs was all about and their [india2.0][]
initiative. - [Pratik][] who also happened to come down for
BarCampMumbai was participating. I had read his blog and even commented
on the BarCamp posts. Never happened to to know/speak him (didnt happen
to start a conversation with him at the BarCamp). He has been actively
involed wtih RoR for around 3 months now. BTW he won the hackathon !
Learning ! - Yup, being there was a learning experience. Though I was
not sure of how I would fair at the hackathon but I was sure that I
would try to experiment with RoR for 24 hours. Everyone present was
helpful and alway ready to share what they knew. IDeas ! - Everyone was
working on their own ideas. The positive vibes around were contagious.
Being there was really encouraing. Future ! - I am sure something like
this will catch up soon in other cities too like the BarCamp. Looking
forward for more of such geeky encounters. Deliverables ! - I would
surely be realeasing [Mars][] soon to the open source community. This is
going to be my second initiative after [Qikblogger][] and I am excited.
Thnks ! Yup, thnks to the organisers and congratulations for a
super-successful event. The MaRaThoN has just begun ;-)

  [Half Marathon]: http://www.akshaysurve.com/blog/2006/01/framed-4-life/
    "Akshay Surve » SCMM 2006"
  [Vaibhav Domkundwar]: http://www.linkedin.com/pub/0/1a/876
  [dealplumber.com]: http://www.dealplumber.com/
  [india2.0]: http://blog.indiagoes.com/
  [Pratik]: http://null.in/
  [Mars]: http://punehackathon.pbwiki.com/Mars
    "Akshay Surve - Mars (The Red Planet)"
  [Qikblogger]: http://qikblogger.sourceforge.net/
    "Akshay Surve » Qikblogger"