---
layout: post
title: At the eleventh hour
---

Came across this interesting option of ‘Trends’ within my Google Search
History account. I had enabled search history long back when I started
working on [feedee][]. I find it pretty useful and would recommend it to
everyone who use Google extensively for their research work. Key
advantages over social bookmarking websites are: - Its Transparent - It
saves all your queries and search results clicked once activated. - Its
intelligent (At least its made to be intelligent) - There are options
like ‘Interesting Items’ which is a search query or web page discovery
tool based on your past queries to Google. - Its Useful - There are so
many times when you forget to bookmark a web page you found through
Google. Now , there is no more disappointment. This still is not a
replacement for social bookmarking websites but very nifty utility for
someone like me who instinctively presses Control+k (shortcut for
Firefox search box) on his keyboard when he needs to find anything. Here
is my Trends chart: [![My Google Search History trends][]][] The initial
section lists Top queries, sites and clicks. Most of the picks there
were pretty obvious. (I confess I do a lot of [egosurfing][]) Search
activity section is what interested me the most. The graphs reveal my
work pattern. They also justify the title of my blog stream, [Coding on
the late shift][] and off course this post title too. Looks like the
eleventh hour is when I get going and pretty much sums up my life till
date too. Google Search History also has a option of ’Interesting
Items". It suggests search queries, web pages, videos and gadgets
related to your searches. I didn’t find the suggestions interesting may
be the algorithm still has a bit of learning to do. Have you signed up
for Google [Search History][]?

powered by [performancing firefox][]

  [feedee]: http://www.akshaysurve.com/projects/ufeedrevs/
  [My Google Search History trends]: http://farm1.static.flickr.com/144/404917630_1be166bcfd_m.jpg
  [![My Google Search History trends][]]: http://farm1.static.flickr.com/144/404917630_1be166bcfd_o_d.png
    "My Google Search History trends"
  [egosurfing]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Egosurfing
  [Coding on the late shift]: http://www.akshaysurve.com/blog/stream/coding-on-the-late-shift/
  [Search History]: http://www.google.co.in/searchhistory/
  [performancing firefox]: http://performancing.com/firefox
